I'll tell you friends story and question from
girls who have this story me
told the essence of it now she is 19 years old and
she is from somewhere in Ukraine apparently from not
very big city
but went to school with math there
slope and and weighed math by
full
so it didn't seem like much to her
liked and she loved math and she
entered somewhere on the application
mathematics to university but already in
big city I don't know what she lives in
there in the dorm and study and at first she
it seemed here of course I think that she has
there were high expectations from the university
where does she study
she thought you were going to university
you will study there as a programmer and there
such a fan such a buzz then finally
and there is a dry theory lesson there on the board
not so much in chalk
practical classes she is a second year student
Now we all understand that those who
studied in universities we all understand that the first
a couple of years it goes no specialty like
who are these more general disciplines
there both math and physics i'm like i am now
I did not think that is very different now
fundamental to its core and here it is
walks on these couples and sneaks and it is a ramp
because it's hard to understand dry material
because the girl seems to be
academic given mathematician should have been
would seize well not somehow boring
Many people also do not understand go to
additional classes some not
go to any classes and she's his
the spirit of charity and there all the same profession
two older girls video they
finish and she no I don't want to become
like they they are right there all day they
but for these do not go at all they look
TV shows and eat here
Actually there is no such nudity
well i understand her well i think that
each of us understands want
to somehow bright everything was beautiful and here
some kind of dry and all this and all on you
give a damn and of course i will say that i'm i
another time he studied at the institute but we
there were also some items not all but
there were some items that were read
people totally incapable of
teaching was somewhere dry then
it was very common here standing there
muzhchinka and slander notes simply
dictates here you sit two hours yes and hand
It has
maybe it was written in pens there
balls and
there was no money for a good pen
I do not mind because your hand is not copper
and there it is a chinese golden pen then
you carry a pen it was such
tool and here you write-write
if you don’t write what you don’t know
these notes were copied before
exam writes writes writes well
of course no joy there I am not for you
more to say let's say we have a
the stream where I studied you stand communication there
there were about 120 people 4 groups
lecture audience for 120 people not
so big and so there are such tables
cost 1 liter of a row well 20 people
they so actively mean sit doing
questions are asked as much as this life
every time a session goes
ends new semester begins
there is a struggle for the first row there for the first
the desk then passes week already
all this struggle ends i'm on
first row here and that means a back
But after the third row, but maybe
still row 3 and not just somehow listen a
further people sit and get ready for
laboratory work they are so
frantically and rewrite there such
manuals were labs Vatan
Well, there is the peak of the graphics build there
something is done just well, just
When is it clear that he has already
it was ready and so on there labs
let's say there are three four items there
such technical and engineering and necessary
him take the lab seven or eight
laboratory they need to pass each need
to protect
that's why this is something you can do with it
for example there not to allow there for the exam
there was a little more so it was important
here they sit he rewrote everything you
corresponded in vain passed and the flood did not
everyone knows that there might be some kind of
Social life was the students and is
no one was moonlighting
just went to study yourself or beer there
girls boys don't know there so here
such was I can not say that
I somehow distressed at the student press
board we are generally very
cheerfully it was massively
cheerful but to say
study is never
one hundred percent holiday this name day
hearts always have such an element of routine
there are always some people with whom
you do not develop relationships and I think
what is this girl that I advised
she is somehow unsure what she wants
finish it all to her mom
speaks with diplomas where she learns not
she knows why she is lost
landmarks mean landmarks mom's
I understand well that is when a girl
there is a diploma then he already has and if she
there just grow up without a diploma she
children will never marry
cum will not and so on so mom
how would it look like a girl can
say you set a goal tell me
imagine what you want that's why you
I want to study mathematics there
programming so that for example
say i want to graduate and
go to a feast for an internship in
United States
so i study english i drink
programming and me absolutely without
differences are well taught or bad for you
I study myself I study myself I go to
lesson I'm apart from being in class
I'm still not there for 5-6 hours a day
she practically read books and there
on maybe hang out somewhere there
a lot of forums for the programmer hanging out
you just need to find yours and
actually everything will light up the bulb
will appear in the target and eyes will flash 19 years
not mine is just that and glow
this you need a little bit then you need
just see where you are going and even
when you have nothing but a path, then you
I say this way is not good at
you have no goal here we have a goal
no therefore as soon as the target appears you
stop looking at this path at all
you will not be interested in will
interesting to see the goal and you will
dream you will do something for
realize this dream so tell
imagine what goal and immediately everything will be on
place you have everything just yes how
turn it over and and it turns out that
everything is actually very cool though
here maybe nothing has changed except
the fact that you started to understand why
and everyone is happy